---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "services-v1_bridge_domain_list Data Source - services-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# services-v1_bridge_domain_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The BridgeDomain enables the configuration and management of Layer 2 virtual networks. It includes settings for VNI, EVI, route targets for import and export, and tunnel index allocation. Additionally, the specification allows for advanced features such as MAC address table limits, aging, Proxy ARP and detection of MAC and IP duplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) BridgeDomainStatus defines the observed state of BridgeDomain (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `configured_name` (String) The name of the BridgeDomain to configure on the device.
- `description` (String) The description of the BridgeDomain.
- `evi` (Number) EVI to use for this BridgeDomain, can be optionally left blank to have it automatically allocated using the EVI Pool.
- `evi_pool` (String) Reference to an EVI pool to use for allocations if EVI is left blank.
- `export_target` (String) Export route target in 'target:N:N' format, if not specified, the default value taken as "target:1:<evi>".
- `import_target` (String) Import route target in 'target:N:N' format, if not specified, the default value taken as "target:1:<evi>".
- `l2proxy_arpnd` (Attributes) Enables / Disabled Proxy ARP / Proxy ND. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2proxy_arpnd))
- `mac_aging` (Number) Configurable aging time for dynamically learned mac addresses.
- `mac_duplication_detection` (Attributes) Enable or disable MAC duplication detection and resolution mechanisms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--mac_duplication_detection))
- `mac_learning` (Boolean) Enable MAC learning for this BridgeDomain.
- `mac_limit` (Number) Sets the maximum number of MAC entries accepted in the bridge table.
- `tunnel_index_pool` (String) Reference to a tunnel index pool to use for allocations.
- `type` (String) Select the type of BridgeDomain.  Simple doesn't include any overlay control plane or dataplane properties (EVPN/VXLAN). EVPNVXLAN includes the properties needed to provision this BridgeDomain over an IP Fabric.
- `vni` (Number) VNI to use for this BridgeDomain, can be optionally left blank to have it allocated using the VNI Pool.
- `vni_pool` (String) Reference to a VNI pool to use for allocations if VNI is left blank.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2proxy_arpnd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2proxy_arpnd`

Optional:

- `dynamic_learning` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2proxy_arpnd--dynamic_learning))
- `ip_duplication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l2proxy_arpnd--ip_duplication))
- `proxy_arp` (Boolean) Enables proxy ARP.
- `proxy_nd` (Boolean) Enables proxy ND.
- `table_size` (Number) Maximum number of entries allowed in the proxy table of the bridge domain.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2proxy_arpnd--dynamic_learning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2proxy_arpnd.dynamic_learning`

Optional:

- `age_time` (Number) Aging timer value for the proxy entries in seconds. If not set, this indicates that the entries are never flushed.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables Dynamic Learning.
- `send_refresh` (Number) The interval determines the frequency at which the system generates three ARP Requests or Neighbor Solicitations with the intent to refresh the proxy entry. The refresh is sent within the age-time window.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l2proxy_arpnd--ip_duplication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l2proxy_arpnd.ip_duplication`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables IP Duplication.
- `hold_down_time` (Number) Time to wait in minutes from the moment an IP is declared duplicate to the time the IP is removed from the proxy ARP/ND table.
- `monitoring_window` (Number) Monitoring window for detecting duplication on a given IP address in the proxy ARP/ND table.
- `num_moves` (Number) Number of moves in the proxy ARP/ND table that an IP is allowed within the monitoring-window.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--mac_duplication_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.mac_duplication_detection`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action to take on the subinterface upon detecting at least one mac addresses as duplicate on the subinterface.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables Mac Duplication Detection.
- `hold_down_time` (Number) Time to wait in minutes from the moment a mac is declared duplicate to the mac is flushed from the bridge table.
- `monitoring_window` (Number) Monitoring window in minutes for detecting duplication on a given mac address.
- `num_moves` (Number) Number of moves a mac is allowed within the monitoring-window, before it is declared duplicate.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `evi` (Number) EVI in use for this bridge domain.
- `export_target` (String) Export route target for this bridge domain.
- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the VNET.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `import_target` (String) Import route target for this bridge domain.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `nodes` (List of String) Nodes which have the BridgeDomain configured (min 1 sub-interface).
- `num_nodes` (Number) Number of nodes which have the BridgeDomain configured (min 1 sub-interface).
- `num_sub_interfaces` (Number) Number of sub-interfaces attached to the BridgeDomain.
- `num_sub_interfaces_oper_down` (Number) Number of oper-down sub-interfaces attached to the BridgeDomain.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the VNET.
- `tunnel_index` (Number) Vxlan tunnel index in use.
- `vni` (Number) VNI in use for this bridge domain.
