---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "services-v1_bridge_interface_list Data Source - services-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# services-v1_bridge_interface_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The BridgeInterface enables the attachment of network interfaces to a Bridge Domain. It includes settings for VLAN ID allocation, interface attachment, and actions on ingress and egress traffic. The specification supports integration with other network resources, such as Bridge Domains and Interfaces, and provides advanced features like MAC Duplication Detection with configurable actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `bridge_domain` (String) Reference to a BridgeDomain in which to attach the BridgeInterface.
- `description` (String) The description of the BridgeInterface.
- `egress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Egress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--egress))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ingress))
- `interface` (String) Reference to an Interface resource to attach this BridgeInterface.
- `l2mtu` (Number) L2 MTU specifies the maximum sized Ethernet frame that can be transmitted on the subinterface. If a frame exceeds this size it is discarded. If the l2-mtu of the subinterface exceeds the port-mtu of the associated interface, the subinterface will remain operationally down.
- `mac_duplication_detection_action` (String) Override for Mac Duplication Detection action if enabled in the associated BridgeDomain.
- `split_horizon_group` (String) Split Horizon Group to be used for this BridgeInterface. The subinterface within this BridgeInterface will be a member of this Split Horizon Group.
- `uplink` (Attributes) The Uplink between your access breakout switch and your leaf switch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--uplink))
- `vlan_id` (String) Single value between 1-4094 support, ranges supported in the format x-y,x-y, or the special keyword null, any, untagged or pool for auto allocation.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.egress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at egress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Egress policy references to use at egress.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at ingress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Ingress policy references to use at ingress.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--uplink"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.uplink`

Optional:

- `egress_1` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Egress of the Local enpoint of the Uplink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--uplink--egress_1))
- `ingress_1` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Ingress of the Local enpoint of the Uplink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--uplink--ingress_1))
- `uplink_selector` (List of String) Selects TopoLinks which connect a leaf switch to a breakout switch. This is the uplink between your access breakout switch and your leaf switch.  There can only be a single TopoLink between the access breakout switch and the leaf switch, if more than one TopoLink is present between two devices the transaction will fail.
- `uplink_vlanid` (String) The VLAN ID to be utilized to isolate traffic from the VLAN on the access breakout switch to the leaf switch on the selected uplink TopoLink.
- `uplink_vlanpool` (String) A VLAN from this pool will be utilized to isolate traffic from the VLAN on the access breakout switch to the leaf switch on the selected uplink TopoLink.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--uplink--egress_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.uplink.egress_1`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at egress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Egress policy references to use at egress.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--uplink--ingress_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.uplink.ingress_1`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at ingress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Ingress policy references to use at ingress.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the BridgeInterface.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the BridgeInterface.
- `sub_interfaces` (Attributes List) Sub-interfaces status within the BridgeInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--sub_interfaces))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--sub_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.sub_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of the SubInterface.
- `interface` (String) Normalized interface name.
- `interface_resource` (String) Eda interface resource.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this SubInterface last changed state.
- `node` (String) Reference to Node object.
- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System of the Node.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the SubInterface.
- `sub_interface_index` (Number) Index allocated to the subinterface on the associated interface for the given VLAN.
- `vlan_id` (String) vlan assigned to this subinterface.
