---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "services-v1_dhcp_relay_list Data Source - services-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# services-v1_dhcp_relay_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The DHCPRelay enables the forwarding of DHCP requests and responses between clients and servers across different networks. This resource allows for the configuration of various DHCP relay sub-options, such as CircuitID, RemoteID, and ClientLinkLayerAddress, to provide detailed client information. It also includes settings for specifying the router to reach the DHCP server, the list of DHCP servers to forward requests to, and selectors for Routed and IRB interfaces where the relay will be configured. Additionally, the GI Address option can be set to derive the Gateway IP address from the selected interface, ensuring correct routing of DHCP messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DHCPRelayStatus defines the observed state of DHCPRelay (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `gi_address` (Boolean) Set GI Address to the IP derived from the IRBInterface or RoutedInterface on which the DHCP relay is configured.
- `irb_interface_selector` (List of String) Label selector to select the IRBInterface on which to configure the DHCP relay.
- `routed_interface_selector` (List of String) Label selector to select the RoutedInterface on which to configure the DHCP relay.
- `router` (String) Router to be used to reach the DHCP server, if not specified the Router under which the source IRBInterface or RoutedInterface resides will be used.
- `servers` (List of String) List of servers to send the DHCP relayed packet to. These can be IP addresses or FQDN.
- `sub_options` (List of String) DHCP Relay sub-options; available options are CircuitID, RemoteID, and ClientLinkLayerAddress.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
