---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "services-v1_irb_interface_list Data Source - services-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# services-v1_irb_interface_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The IRBInterface enables the configuration and management of Layer 3 interfaces associated with a BridgeDomain. This resource allows for the specification of various parameters, including IP MTU, learning of unsolicited ARPs, IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, and unnumbered interface settings. It also supports advanced features such as BFD configuration, Virtual IP discovery, and ARP/ND-related settings like Proxy ARP/ND and EVPN route advertisement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) IRBInterfaceStatus defines the observed state of IRBInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `anycast_gateway_mac` (String) The gateway MAC to use on the anycast address, if left empty the node will automatically assign one.
- `arp_timeout` (Number) Duration of time that dynamic ARP entries remain in the ARP cache before they expire.
- `bfd` (Attributes) Enable BFD on the IRBInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--bfd))
- `bridge_domain` (String) Reference to a BridgeDomain.
- `description` (String) The description of the IRBInterface.
- `egress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Egress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--egress))
- `evpn_route_advertisement_type` (Attributes) Controls the type of ARP/ND entries to advertise. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--evpn_route_advertisement_type))
- `host_route_populate` (Attributes) Configures host route population based on ARP entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--host_route_populate))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ingress))
- `ip_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ip_addresses))
- `ip_mtu` (Number) IP MTU for the IRBInterface [default=1500].
- `ipv4_parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_parameters))
- `ipv6_router_advertisement` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement))
- `l3proxy_arpnd` (Attributes) L3 Proxy ARP and ND configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--l3proxy_arpnd))
- `learn_unsolicited` (String) Enable or disable learning of unsolicited ARPs.
- `router` (String) Reference to a Router.
- `unnumbered` (String) Enables the use of unnumbered interfaces on the IRBInterface.  If IPv6 is specified, no IP address are configured on the sub-interface and only the link local address will be used.  If any IP addresses are specified for either IPv4 or IPv6 that will take precedence and IPs will be assigned to the interfaces.(Deprecated, Use IPv6RouterAdvertisement)
- `virtual_ip_discovery` (Attributes List) Configuration for Virtual IP discovery on the interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--virtual_ip_discovery))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.bfd`

Optional:

- `desired_min_transmit_int` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between transmission of BFD control packets.
- `detection_multiplier` (Number) The number of packets that must be missed to declare this session as down.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables Biforward Detection.
- `min_echo_receive_interval` (Number) The minimum interval between echo packets the local node can receive.
- `required_min_receive` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between received BFD control packets that this system should support.
- `ttl` (Number) Sets custom IP TTL or Hop Limit for multi-hop BFD sessions packets. Not appllicable to single-hop BFD sessions.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.egress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at egress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Egress policy references to use at egress.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--evpn_route_advertisement_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.evpn_route_advertisement_type`

Optional:

- `arp_dynamic` (Boolean) Advertise dynamic ARP entries.
- `arp_static` (Boolean) Advertise static ARP entries.
- `nd_dynamic` (Boolean) Advertise dynamic ND entries.
- `nd_static` (Boolean) Advertise static ND entries.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--host_route_populate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.host_route_populate`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Create host routes out of dynamic ARP entries.
- `evpn` (Boolean) Create host routes out of EVPN learned ARP entries.
- `static` (Boolean) Create host routes out of static ARP entries.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at ingress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Ingress policy references to use at ingress.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ip_addresses`

Optional:

- `ipv4_address` (Attributes) IPv4 address in IP/mask form, e.g., 192.168.0.1/24. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ip_addresses--ipv4_address))
- `ipv6_address` (Attributes) IPv6 address in IP/mask form, e.g., fc00::1/120. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ip_addresses--ipv6_address))
- `node` (String) Reference to a TopoNode resource, if not specified the IP address will be assigned to all nodes on which the IRB is deployed.  If specified the IP address will be assigned to the specified node.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ip_addresses--ipv4_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ip_addresses.ipv4_address`

Optional:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ip_addresses--ipv6_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ip_addresses.ipv6_address`

Optional:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4_parameters`

Optional:

- `directed_broadcast` (Boolean) Allow receiving and forwarding of directed broadcast packets. Enabled when set to true.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_router_advertisement`

Optional:

- `current_hop_limit` (Number) The current hop limit to advertise in the router advertisement messages.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable IPv6 router advertisements.
- `ip_mtu` (Number) The IP MTU to advertise in the router advertisement messages.
- `managed_configuration_flag` (Boolean) Enable DHCPv6 for address configuration (M-bit).
- `max_advertisement_interval` (Number) Maximum time between router advertisements (in seconds).
- `min_advertisement_interval` (Number) Minimum time between router advertisements (in seconds).
- `other_configuration_flag` (Boolean) Enable DHCPv6 for other configuration (O-bit).
- `prefixes` (Attributes List) IPv6 prefixes to advertise in router advertisements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement--prefixes))
- `reachable_time` (Number) Time in milliseconds for Neighbor Unreachability Detection.
- `retransmit_time` (Number) Time in milliseconds between retransmitted NS messages.
- `router_lifetime` (Number) Router lifetime in seconds for default gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement--prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_router_advertisement.prefixes`

Optional:

- `autonomous_flag` (Boolean) When this is set in the prefix information option hosts can use the prefix for stateless address autoconfiguration (SLAAC).
- `on_link_flag` (Boolean) When this is set in the prefix information option hosts can use the prefix for on-link determination.
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) The length of time in seconds (relative to the time the packet is sent) that addresses generated from the prefix via stateless address autoconfiguration remain preferred.
- `prefix` (String) An IPv6 global unicast address prefix.
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) The length of time in seconds (relative to the time the packet is sent) that the prefix is valid for the purpose of on-link determination.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--l3proxy_arpnd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.l3proxy_arpnd`

Optional:

- `proxy_arp` (Boolean) Select whether Proxy ARP should be enabled.
- `proxy_nd` (Boolean) Select whether Proxy ND should be enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--virtual_ip_discovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.virtual_ip_discovery`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Virtual IP Address.
- `allowed_mac` (List of String) List of allowed MAC addresses for a discovered virtual IP address.
- `bridge_interface_to_probe` (List of String) List of BridgeInterfaces on the associated MAC-VRF to which the ARP probes are sent. If left blank, the probes are sent on all BridgeInterfaces associated with the BridgeDomain.
- `probe_interval` (Number) ARP probe interval in seconds.
- `vlan_to_probe` (List of String) List of VLANs on the associated BridgeDomain to which the ARP probes are sent.  If left blank, the probes are sent on all VLANs associated with the BridgeDomain.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the VNET.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Explains the reason for the health score.
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Details of the interfaces associated with the IRB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--interfaces))
- `last_change` (String) Timestamp of the last state change.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the VNET.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Administrative status of the SubInterface.
- `ipv4_addresses` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--interfaces--ipv4_addresses))
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) List of IPv6 addresses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--interfaces--ipv6_addresses))
- `last_change` (String) Timestamp of when this SubInterface last changed state.
- `node` (String) Reference to Node object.
- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System of the Node.
- `operational_state` (String) Current operational state of the SubInterface.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--interfaces--ipv4_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.interfaces.ipv4_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--interfaces--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.interfaces.ipv6_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast
