---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "services-v1_routed_interface Data Source - services-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# services-v1_routed_interface (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the RoutedInterface
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) The RoutedInterface enables the configuration and management of Layer 3 interfaces for routing traffic between different networks. This resource allows for specifying an underlying Interface and Router, configuring VLAN IDs, and setting the IP MTU. It also supports the learning of unsolicited ARPs, defining both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, and enabling unnumbered interfaces. Advanced features such as BFD configuration, Proxy ARP/ND, and ARP timeout settings are included to ensure robust and efficient routing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) RoutedInterfaceStatus defines the observed state of RoutedInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `arp_timeout` (Number) Duration of time that dynamic ARP entries remain in the ARP cache before they expire.
- `bfd` (Attributes) Enables BFD on the RoutedInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--bfd))
- `description` (String) The description of the RoutedInterface.
- `egress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Egress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress))
- `host_route_populate` (Attributes) Configures host route population based on ARP/ND entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `interface` (String) Reference to an Interface to use for attachment.
- `ip_mtu` (Number) IP MTU for the RoutedInterface.
- `ipv4_addresses` (Attributes List) List of IPv4 addresses in IP/mask form, e.g., 192.168.0.1/24. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4_addresses))
- `ipv4_parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4_parameters))
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) List of IPv6 addresses in IP/mask form, e.g., fc00::1/120. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_addresses))
- `ipv6_router_advertisement` (Attributes) Manages IPV6 Router Advertisement parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement))
- `l3proxy_arpnd` (Attributes) L3 Proxy ARP and ND configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--l3proxy_arpnd))
- `learn_unsolicited` (String) Enable or disable learning of unsolicited ARPs.
- `router` (String) Reference to a Router.
- `unnumbered` (String) Enables the use of unnumbered interfaces on the IRBInterface.  If IPv6 is specified, no IP address are configured on the sub-interface and only the link local address will be used.  If any IP addresses are specified for either IPv4 or IPv6 that will take precedence and IPs will be assigned to the interfaces. (Deprecated, Use IPv6RouterAdvertisement)
- `vlan_id` (String) Single value between 1-4094 support, ranges supported in the format x-y,x-y, or the special keyword null, any, untagged or pool for auto allocation.
- `vlan_pool` (String) Reference to a VLAN pool to use for allocations.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.bfd`

Optional:

- `desired_min_transmit_int` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between transmission of BFD control packets.
- `detection_multiplier` (Number) The number of packets that must be missed to declare this session as down.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables Biforward Detection.
- `min_echo_receive_interval` (Number) The minimum interval between echo packets the local node can receive.
- `required_min_receive` (Number) The minimum interval in microseconds between received BFD control packets that this system should support.
- `ttl` (Number) Sets custom IP TTL or Hop Limit for multi-hop BFD sessions packets. Not applicable to single-hop BFD sessions.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at egress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Egress policy references to use at egress.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_route_populate`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Attributes) Create host routes out of dynamic ARP/ND entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate--dynamic))
- `evpn` (Attributes) Create host routes out of EVPN learned ARP/ND entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate--evpn))
- `static` (Attributes) Create host routes out of static ARP/ND entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate--static))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_route_populate.dynamic`

Optional:

- `datapath_programming` (Boolean) Enable datapath programming for host routes.
- `populate` (Boolean) Enable population of host routes based on ARP/ND entries.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate--evpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_route_populate.evpn`

Optional:

- `datapath_programming` (Boolean) Enable datapath programming for host routes.
- `populate` (Boolean) Enable population of host routes based on ARP/ND entries.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--host_route_populate--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.host_route_populate.static`

Optional:

- `datapath_programming` (Boolean) Enable datapath programming for host routes.
- `populate` (Boolean) Enable population of host routes based on ARP/ND entries.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at ingress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Ingress policy references to use at ingress.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4_addresses`

Optional:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4_parameters`

Optional:

- `directed_broadcast` (Boolean) Allow receiving and forwarding of directed broadcast packets. Enabled when set to true.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_addresses`

Optional:

- `ip_prefix` (String) Address and mask to use
- `primary` (Boolean) Indicates which address to use as primary for broadcast


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_router_advertisement`

Optional:

- `current_hop_limit` (Number) The current hop limit to advertise in the router advertisement messages.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable IPv6 router advertisements.
- `ip_mtu` (Number) The IP MTU to advertise in the router advertisement messages.
- `managed_configuration_flag` (Boolean) Enable DHCPv6 for address configuration (M-bit).
- `max_advertisement_interval` (Number) Maximum time between router advertisements (in seconds).
- `min_advertisement_interval` (Number) Minimum time between router advertisements (in seconds).
- `other_configuration_flag` (Boolean) Enable DHCPv6 for other configuration (O-bit).
- `prefixes` (Attributes List) IPv6 prefixes to advertise in router advertisements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement--prefixes))
- `reachable_time` (Number) Time in milliseconds for Neighbor Unreachability Detection.
- `retransmit_time` (Number) Time in milliseconds between retransmitted NS messages.
- `router_lifetime` (Number) Router lifetime in seconds for default gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_router_advertisement--prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_router_advertisement.prefixes`

Optional:

- `autonomous_flag` (Boolean) When this is set in the prefix information option hosts can use the prefix for stateless address autoconfiguration (SLAAC).
- `on_link_flag` (Boolean) When this is set in the prefix information option hosts can use the prefix for on-link determination.
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) The length of time in seconds (relative to the time the packet is sent) that addresses generated from the prefix via stateless address autoconfiguration remain preferred.
- `prefix` (String) An IPv6 global unicast address prefix.
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) The length of time in seconds (relative to the time the packet is sent) that the prefix is valid for the purpose of on-link determination.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--l3proxy_arpnd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.l3proxy_arpnd`

Optional:

- `proxy_arp` (Boolean) Select whether Proxy ARP should be enabled.
- `proxy_nd` (Boolean) Select whether Proxy ND should be enabled.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the RoutedInterface.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Sub-interface status within the RoutedInterface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--interfaces))
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the RoutedInterface.

<a id="nestedatt--status--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of the SubInterface.
- `interface` (String) Normalized interface name.
- `interface_resource` (String) Eda interface resource.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this SubInterface last changed state.
- `node` (String) Reference to Node object.
- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System of the Node.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the SubInterface.
- `sub_interface_index` (Number) Index allocated to the subinterface on the associated interface for the given VLAN.
- `vlan_id` (String) vlan assigned to this subinterface.
