---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "services-v1_vlan Resource - services-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# services-v1_vlan (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) The VLAN enables the configuration and management of VLAN and their association with BridgeDomains. This resource allows for specifying the associated BridgeDomain, selecting interfaces based on label selectors, and configuring VLAN IDs with options for auto-allocation from a VLAN pool. It also supports advanced configurations such as ingress and egress traffic management, and overrides for MAC Duplication Detection actions when enabled in the associated BridgeDomain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the VLAN
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `bridge_domain` (String) Reference to a BridgeDomain or SimpleBridgeDomain.
- `interface_selector` (List of String) Interfaces to use for attachment to this VLAN based on the label selector.  Selects Interfaces based on their associated labels.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the VLAN.
- `egress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Egress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--egress))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Ingress. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ingress))
- `l2_mtu` (Number) L2 MTU specifies the maximum sized Ethernet frame that can be transmitted on the subinterface. If a frame exceeds this size it is discarded. If the l2-mtu of the subinterface exceeds the port-mtu of the associated interface, the subinterface will remain operationally down.
- `mac_duplication_detection_action` (String) If Mac Duplication Detection is enabled on the associated Bridge Domain, this property will override the MDD action set in the BridgeDomain.
- `split_horizon_group` (String) Name of the Split Horizon Group to be used for this VLAN.  All subinterfaces within this VLAN will be members of this Split Horizon Group.
- `uplink` (Attributes) The Uplink between your access breakout switch and your leaf switch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--uplink))
- `vlan_id` (String) Single value between 1-4094 support, ranges supported in the format x-y,x-y, or the special keyword null, any, untagged or pool for auto allocation.
- `vlan_pool` (String) Reference to a VLAN pool to use for allocations. [default="vlan-pool"]

<a id="nestedatt--spec--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.egress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at egress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Egress policy references to use at egress.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ingress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at ingress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Ingress policy references to use at ingress.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--uplink"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.uplink`

Optional:

- `egress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Egress of the Local endpoint of the Uplink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--uplink--egress))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Manages actions on traffic at Ingress of the Local endpoint of the Uplink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--uplink--ingress))
- `uplink_selector` (List of String) Selects TopoLinks which connect a leaf switch to a breakout switch. This is the uplink between your access breakout switch and your leaf switch.  There can only be a single TopoLink between the access breakout switch and the leaf switch, if more than one TopoLink is present between two devices the transaction will fail.
- `uplink_vlan_id` (String) The VLAN ID to be utilized to isolate traffic from the VLAN on the access breakout switch to the leaf switch on the selected uplink TopoLink.
- `uplink_vlan_pool` (String) A VLAN from this pool will be utilized to isolate traffic from the VLAN on the access breakout switch to the leaf switch on the selected uplink TopoLink.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--uplink--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.uplink.egress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at egress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Egress policy references to use at egress.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--uplink--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.uplink.ingress`

Optional:

- `filters` (List of String) List of Filter references to use at ingress.
- `qos_policy` (List of String) List of QoS Ingress policy references to use at ingress.




<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the VNET.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `num_sub_interfaces` (Number) Total number of sub-interfaces configured by the VNET.
- `num_sub_interfaces_oper_down` (Number) Total number of sub-interfaces configured by the VNET which are oper-down.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the VNET.
- `sub_interfaces` (Attributes List) List of members in this Interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--sub_interfaces))
- `uplinks` (Attributes List) List of uplinks in this Interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--uplinks))

<a id="nestedatt--status--sub_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.sub_interfaces`

Required:

- `interface` (String) Normalized interface name.
- `interface_resource` (String) Eda interface resource.
- `node` (String) Reference to Node object.
- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of the SubInterface.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this SubInterface last changed state.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System of the Node.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the SubInterface.
- `sub_interface_index` (Number) Index allocated to the subinterface on the associated interface for the given VLAN.
- `vlan_id` (String) vlan assigned to this subinterface.


<a id="nestedatt--status--uplinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.uplinks`

Required:

- `interface` (String) Normalized interface name.
- `interface_resource` (String) Eda interface resource.
- `node` (String) Reference to Node object.
- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of the SubInterface.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this SubInterface last changed state.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating System of the Node.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the SubInterface.
- `sub_interface_index` (Number) Index allocated to the subinterface on the associated interface for the given VLAN.
- `vlan_id` (String) vlan assigned to this subinterface.
